Editorial fixes (#8)
desec-io/draft-shetho-dnsop-ds-automation: draft-ietf-dnsop-ds-automation.md

Deployments of DS automation SHOULD follow the recommendations set out in this document, both to achieve a more uniform treatment across suffixes — minimizing user surprise — and to prevent disruption of DNS and DNSSEC functionality. The recommendations are intended to provide baseline safety and uniformity of behavior across parents.

Recommendations given in this document are optimized as to maximize interoperability and safety. In certain cases, local policy may take precedence, such as when a registry is subjected to national cryptographic policy requirements.
However, not following any requirements designated with the "SHOULD" key word will generally lead to undesirable effects of ambiguity and interoperability issues.

> Implementers MUST carefully weigh whether any particular deviation is justified in its particular context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When implementing these recommendations, operators have to carefully weigh whether any particular deviation is justified in their particular context.
```

Author: Applied your change.

Also, added another commit in response to a clarification request from Oli Schacher (Switch/.CH, encountered during implementation in March).

Publishing the same information in two different formats is not ideal. Still, it is much less complex and costly than burdening the Child DNS operator with discovering each Parent's current policy. Also, it is very easily automated. Operators should ensure that published RRsets are consistent with each other.

> If both RRsets are published, Parents are expected to verify consistency between them by verifying that they refer to the same set of keys {{!I-D.ietf-dnsop-cds-consistency}}. The CDS digest field need only be verified when the hash digest algorithm is designated as "MUST" in the "Implement for DNSSEC Delegation" column of the relevant IANA registry {{DS-IANA}}, and may otherwise be ignored when the digest type is unsupported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If both RRsets are published, Parents are expected to verify consistency between them by verifying that they refer to the same set of keys {{!I-D.ietf-dnsop-cds-consistency}}. The CDS digest field needs only be verified when the hash digest algorithm is designated as "MUST" in the "Implement for DNSSEC Delegation" column of the "Domain Name System Security (DNSSEC) Algorithm Numbers" registry group {{DS-IANA}}, and may otherwise be ignored when the digest type is unsupported.
```

Author: "need" does not need an "s" here, see https://painintheenglish.com/case/4148

As we're referring to a column, we should name the registry, not the registry group. The registry is just called "Digest Algorithms"; I've decided to keep it at that for readability and not name the overarching group. The reference makes it clear anyway.

Pls let me know if this works for your and I'll merge. thx!
